Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1563)
Labelbox/labelbox-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

## General Guidelines

> Thank you for your interest in contributing! To ensure that your contribution aligns with our guidelines, review the following tips:

Author: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing! To ensure that your contribution meets our guidelines, review the following tips:
```

* For feature requests, ask [Labelbox Support](https://docs.labelbox.com/docs/contacting-customer-support) or create a [Github Issue](https://github.com/Labelbox/labelbox-python/issues).
* We accept general solutions that address common issues rather than specific use cases. Example contributions include a wide range of activities, such as bug fixes and updates to dependencies.
* Ensure that any new libraries comply with this repository's Apache license.
* Update any relevant docstrings and comments in the code you add or change.
* Ensure that new Python components, such as classes, packages, or methods, that need to feature in the Labelbox documentation have entries in the file [index.rst](https://github.com/Labelbox/labelbox-python/blob/develop/docs/source/index.rst).

> * Add entries in [index.rst](https://github.com/Labelbox/labelbox-python/blob/develop/docs/source/index.rst) for new Python components, such as classes, packages, or methods, that need to feature in the Labelbox documentation.

Reviewer: This is essentially a duplicate of the line above.

Reviewer 2: Please fix and we can add your contribution. Thank you!

## Documentation

To generate documentation for all modules (`ReadTheDocs`), run the following:

```bash
rye run docs
```

## Jupyter Notebooks

Samples are in the `examples` directory. Using samples for testing can increase your productivity.

Make sure your notebook uses your source code:
1. `ipython profile create`
2. `ipython locate` - shows the location of the jupyter server config file.

> 3. Open the ipython_config.py file (usually located in ~/.ipython/profile_default/) and add the following line of code: 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Open the ipython_config.py file (usually located in ~/.ipython/profile_default/) and add the following lines of code: 
```
